# Mission to Mars

## Project Overview

A junior data scientist Robin does freelance astronomy work in her spare time. Her dream is to land a position with NASA someday. So she spends a lot of time visiting sites with news about space exploration, especially mission to Mars. One day, while reading an article about how much water the red planet may have had in its youth, she has an idea. What if she could write a script that would gather all the information, she searches for into one convenient location, and once she gathered it, what if she could show it off to other Astrofiles. After thinking about it for a day or two, Robin convinces herself. She wants to gather data about the mission to Mars from all over the web and display it in a central location without spending her free time gathering data manually. Instead, she plans to build a web application that will scrape new data every time she tells it to, with a click of a button.

Robin wants to write a Python script that can navigate the webpages 
to collect the right information. Within the Python script use Splinter to automate a web browser, BeautifulSoup to parse and extract the data. Once Robin has all the data, she wants to NoSQL database MongoDB to store it instead of using a SQL database with its structural rules. Here’s why data pulled from the internet comes in many different forms. It’s not always in the neat and tidy tables that SQL requires. Mongo was designed as a document-based database that suits Robin’s needs a bit better. She wants to download tables but also paragraphs and images. Robin wants to put it all together in a web application of her own by using Flask as a web framework that allows creating a web application using Python and then customize it with HTML and CSS.

The purpose of the project is to help Robin pull data from multiple websites using a Python script, store the data in MongoDB, then present the collected data in a central location: a webpage using Flask as a web framework that allows creating a web application using Python and then customize it with HTML and CSS.